# day

i figured it out now.  i enjoy this insanity.  my brain going whacko and thsi insanity is going good...  yeah yeah tough work.  from my pov guys...  its like shit i forgot damn topomax.  sharkey has a field day with that.  chooses what he wants me to remember and then justifies it with this dumb mind loss topamax.  i think its worn out its purposes...

oh yeah i claim 5 years work with you so far and nothing payment for another 3 years i wonder bro... i killed your asses many times over and we are still doing this.  that you never progressed under the name of progression.  and i took advantage of it cause you did too.  so stop whining lol...  i have never met such up tight people doing malicious damage to my sanity like this...  you're not even supposed to be real...  but honestly this work is fairly easy.  its hard when you don't know what you're doing or after and you have pre conditions that prevent you from thinking clearly...  my mind is so shrouded i already know it just i couldn't even pick my brain cells back to life.

anyways... i dont know.  easy game easy life.  just the perks can be nightmares to get.  that i should be thankful for what i have i just wondered why i lost some when i could fix some.  things you could be doing while you are able to do them but some guy stops it.  i still have steam for programming you know...  but this dumb fuck brain plug shit ain't working.  i feel these are caused by you but apparently its a thing that it fucks up your head.  so i think we need to get rid of it...

so anyways i figured that if i'm not playing games i should devote time to fixing my problems hopefully.  some things do get passed through you...  i dont know man.  i dont feel good.  i dont feel good if i go do it...  everything doesn't feel good.  what the actual heck.  i'm parsing my own head now and its running up stress or conspiracy.  one of these is true, which is sad lol...  i made some common sense out of this mess.  its failure you guys.  we failed...  somebody dead...  again...  what are we doing here?? i feel you are pushing the sharkey's mojo or something... i dont know bro.  i gave you  a way out there is none for me lol.  its not selfless really.  its just easier this way lol...  the things i have to do to live a day i didn't want to live.

maybe this is just concluding on its own.  no???  why not?? it looks perfectly fine from here.  so this costed you millions and stuff.  i wonder my friend.  you bleed from the brain as you read this.  that i literally have no idea what is left to be accomplished here.  stuff already settled..  its expensive making any changes.  i'm tired bro.  doors are closed for the night you know???

